Hi, guys.
Worker In this lecture, we're going to create your screen and it's basically going to look just like
the car screen so we can copy most of the codes.
Okay.
Not to do this, we're gonna need to go back to our visa code, and then we're going to create a widget
right over here.
That's going to be the design for each order, right?
So this is going to be order of this item then dot, dot.
You can also have the order screen over the screen star tree.
Okay.
Order on this course screen and the.
Okay, now over here.
We can just create less widgets and order screen.
On the screen in a via a lights and then use country in dots in order to impart the material out to
that package and.
Over the widgets rights.
Or our time.
Okay.
As well as that list we did and.
Buy the item and then layer.
Okay.
Great.
No idea of the design for each.
Cause I to write as gonna look like it is gonna look just like this, like I said.
So we can.
We can basically just copy.
The cards item and.
Okay.
Over a year.
Over.
Yeah.
From.
This as well.
We're going to make it clickable, right?
So we can copy everything the way.
It.
And here you can see control and see and control.
And B, and I'm going to go back to the.
Or die.
Right.
And we're going to get rid of this.
Sorry.
Get rid.
Oh, this.
And then is this?
Yes.
We're going to get some errors.
First of all, we're just name parts.
This first one, we're not going to be needing.
Most of those like the outskirts are not there.
So can you just get rid of this for now?
Okay.
Click on this area.
Get rid of this as well.
Okay.
Click on this link.
We don't need this.
So we can just get rid of the card.
And here.
Okay.
As well.
We don't need this tie to.
Okay.
This is the first rule.
Like you can just get rid of the rule.
Okay.
What I'm going to do is I'm on to this or I don't want you to mystically go and get rid of what we need.
So I'm going to get rid of this first.
Okay.
What you can just do is we can change this to some empty and click on this as well and see.
Take on this.
Okay.
Click on this.
We can just use something.
Can you say.
Under it for now.
Okay.
As for the title, you can just say Gucci.
Gucci.
Okay.
Now you're going to need to get rid of this for now and.
Or the image?
Well, you can guess.
Don't add anything.
Or you can just say.
Access slash images.
Slash I have one, but p.
Angie.
Okay.
I think we have the peaks.
And also we can just get rid of this.
Okay.
Now what we can danger is.
What you can then do is to go back to.
The other screen.
Right.
Okay.
Or the screen and.
Here.
There again, there is a scaffold rights.
So we have access to loss of properties and.
The scaffold as the body property.
And this is going to be.
I think we need this.
This is going to be the order I tend.
Right.
Okay, great.
Now, what we can do is we can create the navigation folder.
So when the user clicks on.
This.
Border Marauders is going to take the user to the orders.
Okay.
Now, what you can just do is we can make this a name route.
I think you've seen this before, so I'm going to add a static and cast string.
We can just call this route name or you can simply just see it.
And.
It's going to be equal to the radar screen.
That is the name of the route or the screen and this.
Okay.
So I'm trying to not unless they were going to need to do is to let our men do that.
No, no.
This was not what we just did.
Okay.
So to do that over here, we can use country and B and.
Over a year.
We can then say on the screen.
Got it.
And there's going to be contest and our function and it's going to be for the.
Screen.
Okay.
Great.
Is basically it.
And now we're going to go to the provide screen.
Profiles current and.
Thank not products but.
Verify screen digital via and we can use control and be.
Now.
Let's check for my orders.
Okay.
This is it's a.
Is it over?
This is the function of a year, right?
Okay.
So what we can do is.
Now we.
Great.
So you can see we basically wrapped it with a button right.
So there's a least tied to tie to is going to be here.
Yeah.
And the lead in is always on the left side.
So you can see it is basically what's in these stories.
So then we navigate our.
Start.
Of contest.
Or you can just see the push name.
So it's going to be a roots and numerals, right?
Okay.
You can see it's also to take in the contest and it's going to be I think we call this order.
Order.
Field, order.
Screen ID.
Okay.
We can just use all three start.
So.
You start this and.
Okay.
Okay, okay.
Take me there.
Ack ack ack ack is done and you can go check it out.
And this will take us back to the whole screen and.
So let's say because of home screen and.
Okay.
And over here, click on it.
You can see that's the order.
And I think for some reasons we are not having the current image location.
You can go check it seminar and see.
Okay.
You look at food.
You can see us images, however.
Okay.
So what we can do is to make sure we have the correct spelling.
Okay, I think there's going to crash your app.
And I showed you how to get rid of that, too, whenever you have an era.
He said, Well, of course your OP was just going to try that in your visa code, you know, debacle.
So sorry.
So to do that, if you have not done that, you can click on this and you're going to see on court assertions
and you're going to need to check this default.
It's going to be checked.
So you're going to uncheck this and this.
Okay.
So what we can do is they're going to go back to the design for each order item and it's just located
in the widgets.
Let's think.
But I came and.
There's no collapse.
There's I think we have a lot of fires now.
Okay.
And the assets and.
Images.
This check for the river.
However, one I think we do have.
That's okay.
However.
Okay.
Arriver just gonna check.
To make sure.
Okay.
Assets.
Images are of a.
Driver.
Okay.
The location is where?
Assess images.
Assess images and a camera to figure out what we can do, that we can try to see the copy, the location,
countries see and.
So.
Or I came and then use control and be.
And then there's sorry, there's not going to be a network hemorrhage, but what now is going to be
hard said so forget assets in which.
Okay.
This should definitely work out okay.
You can see now, we really don't need this.
This ship feed is subsidized and.
We don't need this.
So what we can do is.
Okay.
This is the second row, right?
So this is the row.
This rule contains the substance and.
What?
So we can just get rid of this virus and use control nets to make sure we're not deleting something.
Those.
Okay.
Okay then we don't as well.
We don't need this.
Right.
Okay.
So what we can do, this is it's okay.
Get rid of this rule.
Can't see its answer.
Okay.
Great.
Yeah, we need this because we have no ability to remove for our order.
Okay, now, really, we don't need just one item, right?
So what you're going to do is.
Over the pro five.
Sorry, the cut screen rights cards cut screener does not do this quickly.
Cuts screen.
Cuts Screen.
Can't.
Okay.
Digital via.
We can.
As well.
Use this right.
You can use this.
This view, the view there.
You've seen this before.
Okay.
Already know what it does.
We are more like, who wants to look over each other?
I say we have.
Okay, so we're going to go back to the audio screen or the screen.
So all the screen and.
Then it sort of did something to get rid of this and then this.
Now over this, we're going to get rid of this and just say we need five and.
We okay?
So what we can do is we can get rid of this as well.
Kids.
You can just get rid of all this.
Everything inside here.
And say, we want to return to the item.
Okay.
Great odds, the studies.
I'll go check it out.
Is going to take us back now and we can.
Okay.
Take us back.
Profile and.
We can click on others.
You can see we have five.
Right.
You can as well hard.
And Harbor for this.
Okay.
I think that should be your assignments.
You're going to need to add an Abbott and investiture regular card to the adjustment.
Yeah.
Okay, guys.
See you in the next lecture.